# Project name

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
``` 
## Components

component is a reusable vue instance, learn more [here](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components.html). We build components to make it easier to reuse code throughout the system without duplication or wasting time and effort.

#### Creating New Component

To create new component, you will make a new folder with these files:

- `index.vue` **Required**
- `index.scss` **Required**
 
Any file or directory that will help in organizing the component **_should be_** included in the component folder.

`index.vue` is a typical `vue` single file it consists of `template`, `script`, and `style`

boilerplate for this file: _can be generated by typing `vue` and pressing `Enter` if you have [vetur](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=octref.vetur) extension installed_.

```html
<template> </template>

<script>
  export default {};
</script>

<style lang="scss" scoped></style>
```

In the `style` tag we import `index.scss` file, we do this to enhance the readibility of `vue` file

```html
<style lang="scss" scoped>
  @import './index.scss';
</style>
```

**Important** `style` tag **_must have_** `scoped` attribute [learn more here](https://vue-loader.vuejs.org/guide/scoped-css.html#mixing-local-and-global-styles) and `lang="scss"`.

**Note:** If you have [scss intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mrmlnc.vscode-scss) extension installed, you will have the autocomplete support of all declared variables, mixins, ...etc in the project.
 

## HTTP Requests

We use [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) to make http requests.

In `api` directory, you will find two files:

- `ApiService.js`
 

`ApiService.js` has one function `ApiService` which receives the request and calls axios method based on this request.

To make a http request you need to make these steps:

1. Make a function that return the request object. request object contains these properties:
   - `method` **required**: request method, such as `GET`, `POST`, ...etc. You will find these methods in the methods object in `api/index.js`
   - `url` **required**: the api url like `/api/login`,
   - `config` **optional**: this is an object have two properties:
     - `data`: this is the request body in case of `POST`, `PUT`, and `DELETE` requests.
     - `params`: this is the query parameters object in case of `GET` requests.

**Important** the request function have this naming convention `getxxxRequest` or `postxxxRequest`. As it's a function that will return a request.

2. Call `ApiService` on the request function call.

Example

```js

// get request example in api/login.js

export const getUserRequest = (params) => ({
  method: "get",
  url: "user",
  config: {
    params,
  },
});

export const postLoginRequest = (data) => ({
  method: 'get',
  url: '/api/login',
  config: {
    data
  }
});

// In the file we need to execute this request:
import { postLoginRequest } from "@/api/register";
  const body = {
    email: "test@gmail.com",
    password: "123456", 
  };
ApiService(postLoginRequest(body))
  .then(response => {
    // ...
  })
  .catch(error => {
    // ...
  });
```

**_Why we do this?_**

`ApiService` has logic inside it, for example, it will send the token with every request, so we don't need to send it ourselves. Also, it will stringify the `params` if you send with `GET` requests.

Generally, we can add/remove any behavior we need to do with the requests in one place.

---

